OK so in the last video we created our core styles with our variables of the primary color secondary
color and so on.
We also did the now via.
So now we're gonna move on to the showcase so let's head back over to the HD CML.
Let's go under the NAV here and let's add our showcase.
OK.
So we're going to use a header here with the I.D. of showcase.
Now I want to put everything into the metal here so we're going to use a container.
But I don't want to use the actual container here for the for the grid container so I'm going to create
another class called showcase dash container.
And inside here we're gonna just have one grid item.
So I'm going to use it.
I mean use the grids to just align it over to the side like this.
So which I probably would normally use flex for but I just like I said in the last video I want to keep
this focused on the grid.
So we're gonna do that.
So we're gonna have one grid item and we're gonna call this showcase dash content and inside here we're
gonna have the category.
So this right here this little sports.
So that's gonna have a class of category.
And we're also going to have to basically category is the core styling like the padding the border radius
but then the color is dependent on the category.
So we're gonna have a class called category sports.
And then here we'll just say sports.
OK.
And underneath the category let's put the title so this is gonna be an H1.
And let's just say some sports article and then a paragraph and I think I did last 20 seems about right.
And then underneath the paragraph we want a link and we're gonna give this a class of B.T. n which would
be the core Button class and then B10 primary which will be the primary colors so we'll have to set
those up and we'll just have this go to Article dot H terminal.
All right.
So that's the.
We've got to put the text in here.
Let's put read more.
OK so that's the markup.
Now let's add the CSF.
So we'll go to style and let's go right here and say showcase.
So the showcase itself let's do color white.
OK.
It's gonna have a it's gonna have the image background but the background.
We're gonna put on the before pseudo selector if you remember in when we did the the the lecture on
after and before I showed you how to add a background image with an overlay using the before selector.
So for the actual showcase I want the background to be dark.
So let's use 3 3 3 and we're gonna just add padding of to ram all around and let's do position relative.
And that's important because the before Sol the before pseudo selector is gonna be position absolute.
And remember if you position something absolute it is positioned inside inside of the first relative
container so that we want that to be our showcase.
So let's save that and let's go right below when let's add showcase and we're gonna do before.
Okay.
Now when used before and after you want to put in the content in when not actually inserting content
so we're just going to leave this blank and then we want to add our background image here.
So let's say background you are L thoughts slash you want to go outside of the CSX into image and then
we want featured and we're gonna do no repeats center center slash cover
all right.
That's not gonna show just yet.
Let's position this absolute because we're basically laying this on top of the showcase.
OK.
So position absolute start at the top zero and the left zero.
And then we want the width to go all the way across.
We want the height to go all the way.
So hundred percent.
And we also want to make it translucent or transparent so let's add an opacity of let's say zero point
four and save.
All right.
So now you can see the the image has has an overlay or it's it's not really an overlay on the image
it's basically the image you can see through it to the dark eyes basically what's happening.
You can also see through the text right now but we'll fix that in a little bit.
So let's let's grab on to the showcase container so we'll see a showcase in the class of showcase container.
And we want to display as a grid.
And then the grid template columns.
I wanted to take up half the space basically so we're gonna just repeat two times one far.
OK.
We want it to be a two column grid even though we only have one item that's fine.
It should just it should still make room for just just an empty item basically.
And then after that let's justify content to the center.
So this whole center it's
horizontally and then we want to center it vertically as well so a line items center and then let's
make the height of the showcase half the viewport.
So 50 VH and we'll go ahead and save that and then we go actually know what I wanted some more more
text than that let's do for the paragraph what's to Lorem 40.
Yeah it's a little too much.
I think 30 is what I did.
There you go.
OK.
So notice that the the text here you can see through it.
So basically the image is on top of the text and remember z index takes care of of what displays first.
And basically the order of of what is on top of what.
So let's take the showcase and take the not the showcase container we want the showcase content which
wraps all the text and let's set the z index to one and save and now you can see that it becomes clearer
and it's it's now on top of the image.
OK let's see.
So I think I mean that's pretty much it for the core showcase styles but we do want to add the category
that we need some styling for that as well as the button which you can't even see.
But those are gonna be utility classes that we can apply it in other places as well so let's go up here
to where we have our utilities and let's do the category so we'll say category.
OK.
So for category I'm going to display as inline block and let's make the color white.
I'm not going to do a back to the background is dependent on the category so we're not going to do that
here.
But let's change the font size I actually want to make it smaller so we'll do fifty point five five
REM units.
And I want it to be uppercase so let's say text transform to uppercase.
And as far as padding goes will do zero point four REM.
So that's the top and bottom and zero point six REM on the left and right.
All right.
And then for the border dash radius let's do 15 pixels make it rounded and then add a margin or a margin
bottom rather of we'll do a half around.
So we'll save that.
OK.
Now notice it doesn't have a color around it.
So what we're going to do is add our special category colors so these two categories sports
and I'll just do one line since just one property.
So background is gonna be var cat.
What do we call it c o sports color.
So we'll do dash dash sports color and save.
And there we go.
So while we're at it though we might as well add the other categories so we also have E.A. for entertainment
and we have tech and we'll change this to EMT and tech.
OK so now when we add our other categories the styles should be set.
Now the button we want to do that next.
So it's a veto pen.
So we'll have B10 and then we'll have special B10 for the colors as well special classes for the colors.
So for the core button let's display as an inline block let's do a year's in line Dash.
BLOCK And then we want to take away the border just in case we use this on an actual button.
So we'll say border none.
And then the background just by default I'm gonna use the dark color.
So we'll see a var dash dash dark.
Just in case you do B10 and without another special class for the color.
So we'll do that.
And then let's do color white by default in our padding which will be point five REM top and bottom
one point five.
Left and Right.
So we'll save that.
Let's see I actually want to push that down a little bit so where our showcase is
let's do let's grab the paragraph that's in the showcase content and let's add margin bottom one room
just to move that down a little bit.
All right.
So back to the buttons.
We have the core button style but we need to do B10 and we're gonna have a B10 light.
I'm just gonna do all the colors now soon off to worry about it which I'll just put this on the same
line like this.
So background is going to be the variable of light color.
All right.
They're going to copy this down.
Let's see we have we have light dark.
Actually we don't need dark because it's dark by default.
So we'll just do primary and secondary K so primary this will be our primary color and then secondary.
All right.
So save that and I can see we have our red button now for the hover.
What I'm going to do is I'm just going to have one hover and I'm just going to make.
I'm just gonna add the opacity of zero point nine that way.
It doesn't matter what color it is.
It'll still have an effect when you hover over it and it doesn't mean you know if it's even if it's
dark or light it's just going to change the opacity just to give it a little bit of an effect of darkening.
But really it's just it's just we're changing the opacity we're making it a little bit transparent.
And then I want to have one more class for the button that will make it into a block level button meaning
it goes all the way across.
So we're actually gonna do button or Beatty and dash block where we set it to display block instead
of inline block and we set the width to 100 percent.
And I want to align to the middle.
So text align center.
Okay.
So now our buttons should be all set.
All right we're gonna have quite a few utility classes in this project which is nice because you can
easily change things up if you want to change the background of something.
It's it's easy to do.
All right.
So that's it.
I will see you in the next video where we will create we'll start to create this grid right here with
all of the articles.